Exercise 2.6 User Authentication in Django
Reflection Questions

1.	In your own words, write down the importance of incorporating authentication into an application. 
    You can take an example application to explain your answer. 
    Incorporating authentication into an application is crucial for ensuring the security and integrity of user data. 
    Authentication protects against unauthorized access, protects sensitive information and maintains user privacy. 
    It also establishes trust by verifying the identity of users, enhancing reliability of the app and mdecreasing the risk of unauthorized actions or breaches. 
    Finally, authentication is essential for implementing personalized user experiences and enabling secure interactions within the application.

2.	In your own words, explain the steps you should take to create a login for your Django web application.
    First I would implement login_view by using Django's authentication form library in the views.py file. 
    Next I would create the login.html template and register the url to the project in the urls.py file.
    Then I would do the same thing with logout_view (create view, create template, register url).
    Then I would link the login functionality in the home.html file and the logout functionality in the main.html file.
    Finally I would protect the ListView and DetailView so that users can only see these views after successful authentication.

3.	Look up the following three Django functions on Django’s official documentation and/or other trusted sources and write a brief description of each.
    Function	        Description
    authenticate()      This is used to verify a set of user credentials against the authentication backends defined in the project, returning a user object if the credentials are valid, or None otherwise.
    redirect()	        This is used to send an HTTP redirect response to a specified URL, either as a string or using the reverse() function with a named URL pattern.
    include()	        This is used to reference and include another set of URL patterns from a specified module, aiding in the organization of the application's URL configuration.
