Exercise 1.7 Object-Relational Mapping in Python
Reflection Questions

1.	What is an Object Relational Mapper and what are the advantages of using one?
    An Object Relational Mapper (ORM) is a programming tool that facilitates the interaction between a programming language and a relational database by turning database operations into object-oriented constructs. 
    Advantages of using an ORM include simplified database interaction through object-oriented models, increased productivity, and improved code maintainability and reusability.

2.	By this point, you’ve finished creating your Recipe app. How did it go? 
    What’s something in the app that you did well with? 
    If you were to start over, what’s something about your app that you would change or improve?
    Creating the Recipe app was a positive experience overall. 
    I successfully implemented database interactions using SQLAlchemy, allowing users to create, view, search, update, and delete recipes.

3.	Imagine you’re at a job interview. You’re asked what experience you have creating an app using Python. 
    Taking your work for this Achievement as an example, draft how you would respond to this question.
    In my recent work on an achievement, I extensively utilized Python to create a Recipe application.
    I utilized an Object Relational Mapper (ORM) for smooth interaction with a relational database.
 
4.	You’ve finished Achievement 1! Before moving on to Achievement 2, take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far: 
    What went well during this Achievement? What’s something you’re proud of? What was the most challenging aspect of this Achievement? 
    Did this Achievement meet your expectations? Did it give you the confidence to start working with your new Python skills? 
    What’s something you want to keep in mind to help you do your best in Achievement 2?
    I am proud of how many Python concepts I was able to grasp such as data types and pickling. The most challenging aspect of this achievement was learning to utilize mySQL.
    This achievement exceeded my expectations by providing a practical and engaging project to apply my Python skills. 
    It greatly boosted my confidence in working with Python, especially in the context of building a database-driven application. 
    To do my best in Achievement 2, I'll focus on refining code organization, implementing more advanced features, and ensuring a user-friendly interface.
