Exercise 2.8 Deploying a Django Application
Reflection Questions

1.	Explain how you can use CSS and JavaScript in your Django web application.
    In a Django web application, you can use CSS to style your HTML templates by including style sheets in the {% static %} template tag. 
    This allows you to define visual elements, layouts, and responsiveness. 
    For JavaScript functionality, you can include scripts in your HTML templates and manage dynamic behavior, form validation, or requests. 
    Django also provides tools like {% load static %} and the static template tag to manage static files, ensuring that your CSS and JavaScript files are served in production.

2.	In your own words, explain the steps you’d need to take to deploy your Django web application. 
    In order to deploy a Django web application you would have to follow these steps. 
    First you would need to prepare for development by updating the settings.py file, setting Debug to False, and adding your host to allowed_hosts.
    Next you would collect static files with python manage.py collectstatic.
    Then you would configure your Heroku (or other host of choice) and database. 
    You would also have to install Gunicorn and protect your secret key.

3.	(Optional) Connect with a few Django web developers through LinkedIn or any other network. Ask them for their tips on creating a portfolio to showcase Python programming and Django skills. Think about which tips could help you improve your portfolio.

4.	You’ve now finished Achievement 2 and, with it, the whole course! Take a moment to reflect on your learning:
a.	What went well during this Achievement? I felt as though my understanding and implementation of models and views went particularly well this achievement.
b.	What’s something you’re proud of? I am proud of the fact I was able to complete a Django web application due to the fact that it was a framework I have not worked with before.
c.	What was the most challenging aspect of this Achievement? The most challenging aspect of this assignment was working with the static images.
d.	Did this Achievement meet your expectations? Did it give you the confidence to start working with your new Django skills? I have gained a lot of confidence in my Django skills and I am excited to tackle more projects.
